requirements.txt: DEP002 'appnope' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase #Required by ipython
requirements.txt: DEP002 'astroid' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'asttokens' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'attrs' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'backcall' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'beautifulsoup4' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'bleach' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'blinker' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'botocore' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'certifi' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'chardet' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'charset-normalizer' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'click' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'decorator' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'defusedxml' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'dill' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'docopt' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'dominate' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'executing' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'fastjsonschema' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'greenlet' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'gunicorn' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'idna' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'ipython' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase ## interactive python for debugg
requirements.txt: DEP002 'isort' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'itsdangerous' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'jedi' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'Jinja2' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'jmespath' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'jsonschema' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'jsonschema-specifications' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'jupyter_client' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'jupyter_core' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'jupyterlab_pygments' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'lml' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'MarkupSafe' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'matplotlib-inline' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'mccabe' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'mistune' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'nbclient' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'nbconvert' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'nbformat' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'numpy' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'packaging' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'pandocfilters' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'parso' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'pexpect' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'pickleshare' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'platformdirs' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'prompt-toolkit' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'ptyprocess' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'pure-eval' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'pyexcel' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'pyexcel-io' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'pyexcel-webio' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'Pygments' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'python-dateutil' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'pytz' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'pyzmq' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'quill' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'referencing' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'rpds-py' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 's3transfer' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'six' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'soupsieve' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'stack-data' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'tabulate' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'texttable' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'tinycss2' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'tomlkit' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'tornado' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'traitlets' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'typing_extensions' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'tzdata' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'urllib3' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'visitor' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'wcwidth' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'webencodings' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'XlsxWriter' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
requirements.txt: DEP002 'yarg' defined as a dependency but not used in the codebase
Found 80 dependency issues.